blogs 
My Life’s A Movie

The Blonde Abroad is a vibrant travel blog that chronicles the adventures of Kiersten, a solo female traveler with a passion for exploring the world. The blog is a treasure trove of destination guides, travel tips, and lifestyle inspiration, all tailored to empower women to embark on their own journeys. Kiersten's content is infused with a sense of elegance and adventure, offering practical advice for solo travelers, fashion-forward packing guides, and insights into cultural experiences. Her engaging storytelling and beautiful photography create a captivating resource that inspires readers to embrace new destinations with confidence and style. Blog theblondeabroad.com

MY FAVOURITE DESTINATIONS

Hi, I’m Cynthia Bil, a Belgian adventurer and travel photographer who has lived nomadically since 2011. Instead of bouncing from country to country, I prefer to travel slowly and get to know the places I visit. It took me 3 years to hitchhike from Ireland to Central Asia; I guess that says enough about my travel pace…

The Handy Guide to Hiking in Madeira

Are you looking for some inspiration to discover some of the wilder spots in Madeira? Read on for a comprehensive guide to hiking in Madeira Portugal, everything you need to know about booking a hiking trip and our 7 favorite Madeira hiking trails.

Traveling in Georgia: Why visit Georgia

Georgia is a small country right on the intersection between Europe and Asia, sandwiched between Russia in the north and Turkey in the South. It’s an ancient country tugged away in the Caucasus Mountains and home to very determined people who, despite a tough history of war and conquerings, still strongly value their unique religion, culture and centuries-old traditions!

Volunteering in the South of Tajikistan

I was amazed at how much students had learned, how their communication and thinking skills had improved, as well as how they were able to self-reflect and describe how they had changed with the help of SWORDE- Teppa community. I was enthralled by the ideas put forth by the teachers, volunteers, and community members on the life-changing education that is taking place at SWORDE-Teppa schools in Tajikistan.


Renting a Car in Morocco

Life in Egypt

I knew the road conditions in South Morocco were pretty good but I had no idea about the price of renting a car in Morocco and the Moroccan driving laws. After doing a bit of research, however, I quickly realized that renting a car in Morocco would be way easier than I had initially thought. Morocco is a really diverse country and it made sense to rent a car so we could stop anywhere we wanted and explore local villages, valleys, and mountains at our own rhythm.

Travel to Egypt encourages its clients to live the travel experience through cultural perspective, and that’s will not be achieved by only visiting the touristic sites in Egypt, but 
also by knowing more about its traditions, customs, and daily life practices. Here in our blog, you will find updated news and information about Egyptians lifestyles, and we will cover in-depth different aspects of ancient Egyptian civilization.


https://travel-website-drab-rho.vercel.app/